Date: August 17, 2026
To,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, BSE Limited,
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 20th Floor, P.J. Towers,
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Dalal Street,
Mumbai – 400 051 Mumbai - 400001.
NSE Scrip Symbol: MANIPALHOS BSE Scrip Code: 544847
Subject: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”)
Dear Sir/Ma’am,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, we wish to inform you that the Company has signed
Business Transfer Agreement with Kindorama Healthcare Private Limited (“Seller”) on August 17, 2026
(“BTA”), for acquiring the entire operations of the Kinder Women’s Hospital and Fertility Centre, situated
in Doddanekundi Industrial Area, Bengaluru, Karnataka.
The completion of the business transfer is subject to fulfilment of conditions precedents stipulated in the
BTA.
The details and disclosures as required under the Listing Regulations read with SEBI master circular
HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026 is enclosed as Annexure A.
This information will be uploaded on the website of the Company also and can be accessed using the link:
https://www.manipalhospitals.com
This intimation is being submitted for your information and records. Kindly take the same on record.
Thank you.
For Manipal Health Enterprises Limited
(formerly known as Manipal Health Enterprises Private Limited)
Sathish K R
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Membership No.: A15203
MHE-Public
Annexure A
Sl No. Particulars Details
1. Name of the target entity, details in brief such as Kinder Women’s Hospital and Fertility
size, turnover etc.; Centre, situated in Doddanekundi
Industrial Area, Bengaluru, Karnataka
(“Kinder Hospital”) which is owned by
Kindorama Healthcare Private Limited.
Revenue from operations as of March 31,
2026 was INR 20,74,95,999.28 (Indian
Rupees Twenty Crores Seventy Four
Lakhs Ninety Five Thousand Nine
Hundred Ninety Nine and Twenty Eight
Paise).
2. Whether the acquisition would fall within No.
related party transaction(s) and whether the
promoter/ promoter group/ group companies
have any interest in the entity being acquired?
If yes, nature of interest and details thereof and
whether the same is done at “arm’s length”
3. Industry to which the entity being acquired Healthcare services
belongs
4. Objects and impact of acquisition (including but The acquisition is allied to the current
not limited to, disclosure of reasons for business and would result in growth
acquisition of target entity, if its business is opportunities in line with the strategic
outside the main line of business of the listed directions of the Company.
entity
5. Brief details of any governmental or regulatory The transaction is subject to certain
approvals required for the acquisition statutory and customary approvals
primarily related to change of ownership of
Kinder Hospital.
6. Indicative time period for completion of the Within 90 (ninety) days of execution.
acquisition
7. Consideration - whether cash consideration or Cash consideration.
share swap or any other form and details of the
same
8. Cost of acquisition and/or the price at which the INR 130,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees One
shares are acquired Hundred and Thirty Crores) for asset
acquisition.
This does not entail acquisition of ‘shares’.
9. Percentage of shareholding / control acquired Company is acquiring entire business
and / or number of shares acquired operations and assets of Kinder Hospital.
MHE-Public
10. Brief background about the entity acquired in Kinder Hospital was commissioned in
terms of products/line of business acquired, date 2022, and has current capacity of 100 beds.
of incorporation, history of last 3 years turnover,
country in which the acquired entity has
presence and any other significant information
(in brief).
MHE-Public