August 18, 2026
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, Exchange Plaza,
Dalal Street, Fort Bandra Kurla Complex,
Mumbai - 400 001 Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051
Scrip Code: 543271 Trading Symbol: JUBLINGREA
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the ‘SEBI Listing Regulations’)
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI Master Circular No:
HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026 (‘SEBI Circular’), we wish
to inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held today, approved the
Company's entry into a Binding Term Sheet with Zettaone Technologies India Private Limited
(‘Zettaone’) for the acquisition of a 40% strategic equity stake in Zettaone. Following completion
of the proposed acquisition, Zettaone will become an associate of the Company.
The proposed investment is aligned with the Company's Pinnacle growth strategy and provides a
strong platform for its play in Electronics Development and Manufacturing Services (EDMS)
space. The transaction will enable the Company to deliver an integrated value proposition in
electronics and semi-conductor space, leading to long-term and sustainable value creation. It will
allow the Company to capitalize on its proven manufacturing and customer-centric capabilities in
CDMO space, while further strengthening its engagement with customers across the electronics
and semiconductor value chain.
Relevant details prescribed under Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and SEBI Circular
are enclosed as Annexure-A to this letter.
The date and time of occurrence of event is August 18, 2026 at 05:30 PM (IST). We request you
to take the same on record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Jubilant Ingrevia Limited
Deepanjali Gulati
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Encl.: as above
Annexure-A
Sr. No. Particulars Details
1. Name of the target entity, details in brief such Zettaone Technologies India Private
as size, turnover etc. Limited
2. Whether the acquisition falls within related No
party transaction(s) and whether the
promoter/ promoter group/ group
companies have any interest in the entity
being acquired? If yes, nature of interest and
details thereof and whether the same is done
at “arm’s length”
3. Industry to which the entity being acquired Integrated electronics design and
belongs manufacturing platform
4. Objects and impact of acquisition (including Company’s extension into Electronics
but not limited to, disclosure of reasons for design and manufacturing systems by
acquisition of target entity, if its business is leveraging our strong manufacturing and
outside the main line of business of the customer centric capabilities from
listed entity) CDMO business to replicate the success
5. Brief details of any governmental or Not Required
regulatory approvals required for the
acquisition
6. Indicative time period for completion of the The transaction is proposed to be
acquisition completed in two tranches, with the first
tranche expected to close by November
2026 and the second tranche expected to
close by September 2027.
7. Nature of consideration - whether cash Cash Consideration
consideration or share swap and details of
the same
8. Cost of acquisition or the price at which the ₹ 189.2 Cr. (approximately)
shares are acquired
Sr. No. Particulars Details
9. Percentage of shareholding/ control 40%
acquired and/ or number of shares acquired;
(Proposed to acquire)
10. Brief background about the entity acquired Turnover of Zettaone during last 3 years:
in terms of products/line of business
FY 25-26: Rs 98.1 Cr.
acquired, date of incorporation, history of
FY 24-25: Rs. 79.1 Cr.
last 3 years turnover, country in which the
FY 23-24: Rs. 51.1 Cr.
acquired entity has presence and any other
significant information (in brief)
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited
1A, Sector 16A, Noida – 201301, India
Tel.: +91 120 4361000
www.jubilantingrevia.com
PRESS RELEASE
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited Enters into a Binding Agreement with Zettaone Technologies India
Pvt. Ltd. for the Acquisition of a 40% Strategic Stake for INR 189.2 crore
Noida, Tuesday, August 18th, 2026: Jubilant Ingrevia Limited today announced that it has entered into a binding
agreement with Zettaone Technologies India Pvt Ltd. for the acquisition of a 40% strategic stake for INR 189.2
crore. Following completion of the proposed acquisition, Zettaone Technologies will become an associate
company of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited.
Zettaone Technologies, co-founded by Harikrishnan, Sureshkumar, Prabu and Arunkumar, is an electronics
design and manufacturing platform with integrated capabilities in electronics/semicon industry. From R&D,
Design and Prototyping, Manufacturing, Assembly and Box Build, the company delivers engineering excellence
for Aerospace, Defence, Semi-conductor, Automotive, Medical and Industrial applications.
Commenting on the acquisition, Shyam S Bhartia, Chairman, Jubilant Ingrevia Limited and Hari S Bhartia, Co-
Chairman & Whole-Time Director, Jubilant Ingrevia Limited said, “The proposed investment is aligned with the
Company's Pinnacle growth strategy and provides a strong platform for its play in Electronics Development and
Manufacturing Services (EDMS) space. The transaction will enable the Company to deliver an integrated value
proposition in electronics and semi-conductor space, leading to long-term and sustainable value creation”.
The acquisition is proposed to be completed in two tranches, with the first tranche expected to close by
November 2026 and the second tranche is expected to close by September 2027.
Commenting on the acquisition, Deepak Jain, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, Jubilant Ingrevia
Limited said, “We are continuously working towards advancing our strategic priorities and this acquisition is
another milestone in our Pinnacle journey. We have already been expanding into high-precision semiconductor
chemicals through our CDMO business and have made a great progress in last two years to establish our
credibility with several global customers. The expertise in high-speed and high-power PCB design and
manufacturing of Zettaone Technologies will further anchor our growing Electronics/Semiconductor business
with an integrated value proposition to our customers”
Harikrishnan Gopal, CEO of Zettaone Technologies Pvt. Ltd. said, “Over the years, our team has built lasting
relationships through consistency, quality, and a commitment to solving complex engineering challenges. We are
happy to be a part of the Jubilant Bhartia Group and this development will reinforce our position as a trusted
technology partner for mission-critical electronics solutions in aerospace, defence, semi-conductor, auto, medical
and industrial spaces.”
This acquisition will allow the Company to capitalize on its proven manufacturing and customer-centric
capabilities in CDMO space, while further strengthening its engagement with customers across the electronics
and semiconductor value chain.
About Jubilant Ingrevia Limited
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited is a leading player in Specialty Chemicals & CDMO globally, serving Pharmaceutical, Nutrition,
Agrochemical, Consumer, Semiconductor and Industrial customers. It offers customised solutions that are innovative, cost-
effective and conform to global quality standards and has a broad portfolio of 130+ products.
It has over 45 years of legacy in the chemicals industry and is amongst the top players globally in Pyridine & Picolines, Pyridine
derivatives, Acetic Anhydride, Vitamin-B3 and many other products. Jubilant Ingrevia Limited has a fast-growing Custom
Development and Manufacturing business (CDMO) serving pharmaceuticals, agrochemicals and semiconductor sectors. The
Company serves customers in US, EU, Japan, Middle East, South East Asia and other geographies, in addition to domestic
market from its 50+ plants across 6 manufacturing facilities in India with a workforce of over 2,300 employees. Its three R&D
centres employ 150 scientists working on cutting-edge research and innovation.
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited is a Responsible Care certified company and ranked highly in global ESG indices such as Ecovadis and
Dow Jones Sustainability Index. In 2024, Jubilant Ingrevia Limited was also recognised by the World Economic Forum (WEF)
and entered its prestigious Global Lighthouse Network (GLN) for deployment of 4IR technologies.
For more information, please visit: www.jubilantingrevia.com.
About Zettaone Technologies
Zettaone Technologies, a privately held deep-tech company, is a global engineering and manufacturing partner. The Company
delivers end-to-end product development solutions from concept, architecture, hardware and embedded software design to
prototype development, production and lifecycle support, by combining deep technical expertise, advanced semiconductor
technologies, AI-enabled engineering and scalable manufacturing. The company was co-founded by Harikrishnan,
Sureshkumar, Prabu and Arunkumar about two decades back. Zettaone helps customers accelerate innovation, reduce
development risk and successfully brings complex electronic products to market.
For more information, please visit: www.zettaone.com.
For more information, please contact:
For Media
Sandipan Ghatak Sahir Seth
Ph: +919810776182 M: +91 9999270119
E-mail: sandipan.ghatak@jubl.com E-mail: sahir.seth@adfactorspr.com
Disclaimer:
Statements in this document relating to future status, events, or circumstances, including but not limited to statements about plans and objectives, the
progress and results of research and development, potential product characteristics and uses, product sales potential and target dates for product launch
are forward looking statements based on estimates and the anticipated effects of future events on current and developing circumstances. Such statements
are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties and are not necessarily predictive of future results. Actual results may differ materially from those
anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Jubilant Ingrevia Limited may, from time to time, make additional written and oral forward looking
statements, including statements contained in the company’s filings with the regulatory bodies and our reports to shareholders. The company assumes no
obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changed assumptions or other factors.