17th August 2026
The Manager – Listing The Manager – Listing
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Limited
BSE Code: 501455 NSE Code: GREAVESCOT
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Press Release
Please find enclosed herewith Press Release issued by the Company, with the heading “Greaves Cotton
Completes Acquisition of Excel Controlinkage, Takes Ownership to 100%.
Kindly take the same on record.
Thanking You,
Yours faithfully,
For Greaves Cotton Limited
Atindra Basu
Group General Counsel & Company Secretary
Membership No: F13799
Encl.: a/a
Greaves Cotton Limited
Email ID: investorservices@greavescotton.com I Website: www.greavescotton.com
Registered Office: J-2, MIDC Industrial Area, Chikalthana, Chhatrapati Sambhajinagar - 431 006, Maharashtra, India. Tel.: (+91 240) 2479250, 2479232
Corporate Office: Unit Nos. 301 & 302, 3rd Floor, Tower B, Peninsula Business Park, Ganpatrao Kadam Marg, Off Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai – 400 013
Tel: +91 22 41711700 I CIN: L99999MH1922PLC000987
Greaves Cotton Completes Acquisition of Excel Controlinkage, Takes Ownership
to 100%
Excel, one of the largest players in motion control systems, becomes a wholly owned subsidiary,
complementing Greaves.Next diversification strategy
Mumbai, August 17, 2026: Greaves Cotton Limited, one of India's leading diversified engineering
companies, today announced that it has acquired the remaining 20% shareholding in Excel Controlinkage
Private Limited (“Excel Controlinkage”) through the secondary route, taking its aggregate shareholding in
the company to 100%. With the completion of this acquisition, effective August 13, 2026, Excel
Controlinkage has become a wholly owned subsidiary of Greaves Cotton.
The acquisition marks the completion of the multi-tranche acquisition process initiated in 2023, when
Greaves Cotton entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Excel Controlinkage. The transaction is in
accordance with the definitive agreement dated April 6, 2023.
Commenting on the acquisition, Parag Satpute, Group CEO & Managing Director, Greaves Cotton
Limited, said, “Greaves has built a distinguished legacy of moving India forward through reliable,
sustainable and purpose-led engineering. The completion of the acquisition of Excel Controlinkage marks
an important step in a margin-accretive acquisition that complements our diversification strategy. We are
focused on building and scaling businesses with differentiated engineering capabilities and opportunities
to participate in India’s evolving mobility and industrial ecosystem.”
Excel Controlinkage, incorporated in 1994, is a player in mechanical and electronic motion control
systems, with capabilities across push-pull cables, mechanical levers and linkages, and electronic throttle
levers. Its products serve customers across Commercial Vehicles, Construction Equipment, Agriculture,
Material Handling, Marine and Special Purpose Vehicles, as well as the Aftermarket. The company also
operates an integrated manufacturing facility for heavy-duty push-pull cables, including inner and outer
conduits and end fittings.
The acquisition of Excel Controlinkage is aligned with Greaves Cotton’s broader strategy of building a
diversified portfolio. This will further strengthen its presence in commercial vehicles and contribute to the
development of a broader mobility ecosystem.
With Excel Controlinkage, now a wholly owned subsidiary, Greaves Cotton will continue to focus on
leveraging its capabilities, product portfolio, and customer relationships to support its growth across
Energy, Mobility, and Industrial Solutions under Greaves.Next.
-END-
About Greaves Cotton Limited:
With a legacy of over 165 years, Greaves Cotton Limited is a diversified, future-ready engineering company delivering
innovative and sustainable solutions to customers across key sectors. Renowned for its precision engineering and
technology leadership, the Company’s growth strategy is anchored on three core dimensions: accelerating its core
businesses, building new muscle onto the core, and expanding into new horizons across Energy Solutions, Mobility
Solutions, and Industrial Solutions.
As one of India’s largest manufacturers of single-cylinder diesel engines, and a pioneer in introducing them for
microcar applications in the European market, Greaves continues to reinforce its commitment to accessible,
efficient, and reliable mobility. The Company also has a longstanding association with the Indian armed forces, with
its products supporting a range of defence and naval applications, embodying its role in industrial advancement and
nation-building. Guided by its purpose of ‘Empowering Lives’, Greaves is committed to providing reliable products,
sustainable technology, and customer-centric solutions. With its strong engineering foundation and continuous
innovation, the Company aims to enable people, businesses, and communities to progress with confidence in a
future rooted in engineering excellence and driven by efficient energy.
The investee companies of Greaves include Greaves Electric Mobility Limited (GEML) with its diverse portfolio of
electric 2 & 3 wheelers for passenger and cargo mobility, and Greaves Finance Limited (GFL) with ev.fin, a 100% EV
focused NBFC that leverages cutting-edge technology to offer customised financing options & seamless buying
experience. Both these businesses play a significant role in accelerating EV adoption in India.
For more information, visit- www.greavescotton.com
For further information, please contact:
Keya Muriya | keya.muriya@greavescotton.com
Kumar Shubham |+91 8507148460 | kumar.s@the-practice.net
Note:
"This press release may include statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements based on
'management's current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects upon Greaves Cotton
Limited and its subsidiaries/ associates ("Greaves"). These forward-looking statements involve known or unknown risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance, or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such
statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include, amongst others:
general economic and business conditions in India and overseas, our ability to successfully implement our strategy, our research
and development efforts, our growth and expansion plans and technological changes, changes in the value of the Indian Rupee
and other currency changes, changes in the Indian and international interest rates, change in laws and regulations that apply to
the related industries, increasing competition in and the conditions of the related industries, changes in political conditions in
India and changes in the foreign exchange control regulations in India. Neither Greaves, nor our directors, or any of our
subsidiaries/associates assume any obligation to update any particular forward-looking statement contained in this release."